[ONEROSTER-64] External Configuration of ODS Connection Strings (#95)
Ed-Fi-Alliance-OSS/edfi-oneroster: docs/local-development-guide.md

ODS_CONNECTION_STRING_ENCRYPTION_KEY=<your-base64-key>
```

#### External ODS Instances (Optional)

> By default, ODS connection strings are read from the `EdFi_Admin.OdsInstances` table. You can instead supply them directly via `ODS_INSTANCES` to avoid database lookups or to override specific instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, ODS connection strings are read from the `EdFi_Admin.OdsInstances` table. Use `ODS_INSTANCES` if you prefer to keep connection strings out of the database, such as when injecting them via a secret store or container environment variables during deployment.
```
